# se-test-framework

A prototypical implementation for the construction of data sets containing False Data Injection Attacks (FDIAs) and evaluating the performance of detecting FDIAs using machine learning-based models.

**NOTE:** A comprehensive documentation is under development.

## Quick Usage Guide

This prototypical implementation is divided into two parts: the MATLAB part and the Python part.

The following listing states the functionalities offered by each file in the corresponding part.

**NOTE**: All absolute and relevant paths in the scripts pointing to saved data sets (e.g., `.mat` or `.pkl` files) have to be adjusted accordingly.

* Matlab
  * `get_state_vars_with_load.m`: Main function for the generation of measurement data based on load data. 
  * `gen_load_data.m`: An example, showing the usage of the function `get_state_vars_with_load`. In this specific example, load data that can be freely obtained from the New York Independent System Operator (NYISO) is used. For better usability, an example load data is included under `matlab/data/nyiso_2013/*.csv`. New load data can be obtained any time by visiting the homepage of NYISO.
* Python
  * `convert_measurement_data.ipynb`: The measurement data set generated by `gen_load_data.m` in Matlab is saved to a `.mat` file. Usually, every year of the NYISO data is saved to its own `.mat` file (e.g., `nyiso_load_13.mat`). By use of this notebook, all the single `.mat` files can be imported and converted to a single `.pkl` file. This main `.pkl` file, containing all the measurement data sets, is then used in the Python files described below.
  * `tf2.py`: Prototypical implementation of an RNN based on Tensorflow.
  * `svm.py`: Prototypical implementation of an SVM based on Scikit.
  * `models/data_generator.py`: Module for the generation of data sets containing False Data Injection Attacks, based on the measurement data set generated by `gen_load_data.m` in Matlab. 
  * `models/configs.py`: Module containing all the config definitions, classes and various methods. A detailed documentation is under development.
